Restrictions/getAll origin (#479)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

> ## 27th July 2023

Reviewer: Old date 🙈

* Extended operation [Get all restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#get-all-restrictions):
  * Added filtering by restriction origin
  * Added restriction origin property to the response

## 25th July 2023

* Added operation [Get all account notes](../operations/accountnotes.md#get-all-account-notes) to retrieve account notes.
* Added operation [Add account notes](../operations/accountnotes.md#add-account-notes) to add account notes.
* Added operation [Update account notes](../operations/accountnotes.md#update-account-notes) to update account notes.
* Added operation [Delete account notes](../operations/accountnotes.md#delete-account-notes) to delete account notes.

> * Extended behavior of operations [Set restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#set-restrictions) and [Clear restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#clear-restrictions). These operation now only affects restrictions created by 3rd-party integrations.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Extended behavior of operations [Set restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#set-restrictions) and [Clear restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#clear-restrictions). These operations now only affect restrictions created by 3rd-party integrations.  
```

> * Extended behavior of operations [Set restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#set-restrictions) and [Clear restrictions](../operations/restrictions.md#clear-restrictions). These operations now only affect restrictions created by 3rd-party integrations.  

Reviewer: Editing old changelog 🙈
